We're here to have a kick-off meeting for the design of a for the beginning of new project remote control for the design for a new remote control. and we speak about this tool we're going to design and try to make a project plan,. I think the important points we have to talk about are it's functional design, it's conceptual design, and desail detailed design. and for that we're going all to work individually and then have meeting during the whole day. so let's try the whiteboard. so any of you who want to go.
It's gonna be not my favourite one but the one I can draw.
Let's talk about money.
So. Twenty five Euro for a remote control.
On the international market.
Yeah, we're to sell two million then.
For a production cost of twelve fifty Euros maximum. So any of you have experience in remote controls? So that could be a great application. Remote controls children proof.
But mainly it has to be very robust
No, that's a good idea.
Yeah even we can change colours, no? like the phones and these things we yeah. And it should be really small and.
Should it be, you know these remote controls where they are what they call a universal ret remote control
At least it should hold in your hand properly, like. maybe we can change the colours that at least the frame.
I think one thing important for instance in this remote control if you remember when people use it they're they never find a good button in the right place.
So, some kind of idea with cellular phone with a a screen that will tell you what
No screens, it's too complex.
Too expensive for twelve Euro?
Maybe I think even we can keep two switches and then we can only make one working. and if I'm left-hander I use this switch to follow the main operations.
May need more than three three button, three possibilities, ye yeah.
But for standard actions you usually what do you do, you change channels, you adjust volume, and nothing else.
But for instance when you change channels you can have you can just go to the next one or go to channel twenty five.
But they keep generally their slash slash this thing and then the dash dash and then you can put yeah, you can only have one bit.
And then back to the one I was before,
Yeah, that would be cool.
Go back button is good.
We're going to meet again in thirty minutes. and I want you to work on these ideas. and try to make a the ones, make to decide what what are the ones important and what are the one that we don't want. And maybe more in the technical parts what do we want to do. So your personal coach will send you some instruction for for this thirty minutes.
So what does ME means? the user requirement specifications,